Advanced Template documentation (#2645)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/partials/commands/advtemplate-cmds.adoc

[cols="1,3",options="header"]
|===
|Command |Description

> |mceInsertTemplate |Inserts a template into the editor at the selection.
> |mceAddTemplate |Turns the current selection into a new template.
> |===
> 
> .Example
> [source,js]
> ----
> tinymce.activeEditor.execCommand('mceInsertTemplate');
> tinymce.activeEditor.execCommand('mceAddTemplate');

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|AdvTemplateAddDialog |Opens the `Add Template` dialog, allowing the current selection to be added as a template.
| AdvTemplateInsertDialog |Opens the `Insert Template` dialog, allowing a template to be inserted at the current selection
|===

.Example
[source,js]
----
tinymce.activeEditor.execCommand('AdvTemplateAddDialog');
tinymce.activeEditor.execCommand('AdvTemplateInsertDialog');
```
These are the two commands available for advanced templates
